Registering a local directive is easy,
so here in my app.vue file where I have this instance, I can register a local directive and I can
do that in every component by adding the directives property.
You know we already had components, like this to register local components, well it works the same for
directives. Here
I then have the name of the directive
and this can be a string like local highlight for example or of course the camel case version of
that, again you will attach this by adding v- this name.
Now here this is again an object,
so just like on the global directive, the second argument, this is the value we pass to this key here
and there, we will again have bind, this is the major hook we use to set up what our directive should
do typically.
Here again, I get my data, my binding, my vnode and the element and then I want to basically set it
up as my global directive
but add more features to it.
So first of all, I will copy the code of my global directive here with the set timeout and so on, with
that modifier,
all these things.
So I will add another paragraph and here, I want to use v-local-highlight, that of course is the new
name I chose down there and v- at the beginning is always needed.
Now if I save this,
we see that both should get red after three seconds,
looks good.
Now that is how I register a local directive,
now let's work on it to add some extra features.